<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html><head>
  <title>JSReflection - A pure Javascript reflection utility</title>

  
</head><body>
<h1>JSReflection</h1>

JSReflection is a simple pure Javascript reflection utility.&nbsp; It
can take any DOM element and flip it or reflect it.&nbsp; The
difference between reflection and flipping is that reflections have a
fadeout.&nbsp; JSReflection depends on jQuery.&nbsp; The current
version was written against jQuery 1.4.2, which is included in the
JSReflection archive.<br>

<br>

Before using JSReflection, you should know how the technique works,
because it is not a good idea to use in all situations.&nbsp;
JSReflection works by creating one copy of the DOM element <span style="font-weight: bold;">per pixel</span>.&nbsp; The number of
copies is specific to the dimension in the direction you are flipping
the object.&nbsp; If you are flipping or reflecting vertically, it's
the height in pixels that matters.&nbsp; If you are flipping or
reflecting horizontally, only the pixel width of the object
matters.&nbsp; This is the only known technique for flipping anything
in the DOM.&nbsp; If you use JSReflection to vertically flip or reflect
an item that is 30 pixels high, you end up with 31 copies of that
element in your DOM.&nbsp; If you horizontally flip an item that is 100
pixels wide, you end up with 101 copies.&nbsp; Therefor, the larger the
item in the direction you plan to flip, the more intensive the work on
the browser.&nbsp; Your page performance may suffer greatly. <br>

<br>

Also remember that this copying technique is copying an entire dom tree
for an object, using the cloneNode method.&nbsp; So if the object you
reflect is not itself simple, you may greatly impact the performance of
your DOM.<br>

<br>

Overall, if you stick to reflecting simple objects in their smaller
dimension (reflect wide things such as words vertically, for instance),
the impact to your page performance should be minimal.<br>

<br>

By default, all you need to do to use JSReflection is this:<br>

<br>

&lt;script src="jquery-1.4.2.min.js"&gt;&lt;/script&gt;<br>

&lt;script src="reflect.js"&gt;&lt;/script&gt;<br>

<br>

Then you give anything you want to flip or reflect one of the following
classes (such as, 'class="reflectV"'):<br>

<ul>

  <li>flipH</li>
  <li>flipV</li>
  <li>reflectH</li>
  <li>reflectV</li>
</ul>

<br>

The script has several parameters that you can override.&nbsp; <br>

<ul>

  <li>flipVClass (default: "flipV")</li>
  <li>flipHClass (default: "flipH")</li>
  <li>reflectVClass (default: "reflectV")</li>
  <li>reflectHClass (default: "reflectH")</li>
  <li>reflectionStartingOpacityPercent (default: 50)</li>
  <li>reflectionEndingOpacityPercent (default: 10)</li>
  <li>relectionOffset (default: 2)<br>
  </li>
</ul>

To override them, create a &lt;script&gt; block before including the
reflect.js script, and set any of the following variables.&nbsp; For
example:<br>

<br>

&lt;script&gt;<br>

&nbsp;&nbsp; var reflectVClass = "defaultTitle";<br>

&nbsp;&nbsp; var reflectionStartingOpacityPercent = 30;<br>

&nbsp;&nbsp; var reflectionEndingOpacityPercent = 0;<br>

&lt;/script&gt;<br>

&lt;script src="jquery-1.4.2.min.js"&gt;&lt;/script&gt;<br>

&lt;script src="reflect.js"&gt;&lt;/script&gt;<br>

<br>
</body></html>